Internet Protocol: 
     An IP address is a unique numerical identifier assigned to each 
device connected to a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol 
for communication. It serves two primary purposes: for host or network 
interface identification and location addressing of a connected device.

Port: 
     A port is a communication endpoint that identifies a specific 
process to which a message is sent. Ports are used to differentiate 
between multiple processes running on the same device.

HTTP methods:
     HTTP methods are used to indicate the desired action to be 
performed on a resource. The most common HTTP methods are GET, 
POST, PUT, DELETE, HEAD, PATCH and OPTIONS.
     
GET: GET request is used to read/retrieve data from a web server. GET 
returns an HTTP status code of 200 (OK) if the data is successfully 
retrieved from the server.

POST: POST request is used to send data (file, form data, etc.) to the 
server. On successful creation, it returns an HTTP status code of 201.

PUT: A PUT request is used to modify the data on the server. It replaces 
the entire content at a particular location with data that is passed in the 
body payload. If there are no resources that match the request, it will 
generate one.

PATCH: PATCH is similar to PUT request, but the only difference is, it 
modifies a part of the data. It will only replace the content that you want 
to update.

DELETE: A DELETE request is used to delete the data on the server at 
a specified location.

OPTIONS: OPTIONS method describes the communication options for 
the target resource.

HEAD: HEAD method asks for a response identical to a GET request, 
but without the response body.

MAC address:
     A MAC address is a unique identifier assigned to a network 
interface controller (NIC) for use as a network address in 
communications within a network segment. It is a six-byte hexadecimal 
address that contains 6 groups of 2 hexadecimal digits, separated by 
either hyphens (-) or colons (.). MAC addresses are used to ensure the 
physical address of a computer and to uniquely identify devices on a 
network.
